### Use Case Name: 
View my assigned Task List (requester)

### Participating Actors:
Task Requester

### Goal:
For the task requester to see a list of his/her tasks that have been assigned or done.

### Trigger:
User selects “View my assigned Tasks” action item

### Precondition:  
User has account. (User does not have to have assigned tasks)

### Postcondition:  
User will either see a list of his/her tasks in status “Assigned” or, will see an empty screen informing the user they have no tasks currentlyr 

### Flow:

**Basic Flow:**
1. System will present a scrollable list of tasks. Each item will show the amount of  the accepted bid, the status (either “Assigned” or “Completed”), the name of the requester, and the title of the task. There is also an option to view only those in “Assigned” or “Completed”
1. User selects “Assigned”
1. System filters list to only present tasks in status “Assigned”. The system presents a UI similar to 1, except “Assigned” is clearly selected. 
1. User selects “Completed” 
1. System filters list to only present tasks in status “Completed”. The system presents a UI similar to 1, except “Completed” is clearly selected. 


**Alternative Flow:**  
*View Task*  
    [3|5].1 User Selects an item   
    [3|5].2 System proceeds to US 06.03.01  


**Exception Flow:**    
*No tasks Assigned*  
1.1 System will present blank screen with message telling the user they have no assigned tasks, and presents a button/action to view all unassigned tasks.   
1.2 User follows action item.   
1.3 System takes user to US 04.02.01  

*No tasks Completed*  
1.1 System will present blank screen with message telling the user they have no completed tasks, and presents a button/action to view all assigned tasks.   
1.2 User follows action item.   
1.3 System takes user to US 04.02.01  
